Java server to client streaming (#11227)
aspnet/Docs: aspnetcore/signalr/streaming.md

::: moniker-end

::: moniker range=">= aspnetcore-3.0"
## Java client

> The SignalR Java client uses the `stream` method to invoke streaming methods. It accepts three arguments:

Reviewer: Should this say "three or more arguments", i.e., could the hub method take more than 1?

* The expected type of the stream items 

> * The name of the hub method. In the following example we use an example server hub method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The name of the hub method.
```

* Arguments defined in the hub method. 

```java
hubConnection.stream(String.class, "ExampleStreamingHubMethod", "Arg1")
    .subscribe(
        (item) -> {/* Define your onNext handler here. */ },
        (error) -> {/* Define your onError handler here. */},
        () -> {/* Define your onCompleted handler here. */});
```

> The `stream` method on `HubConnection` returns an Observable of the stream item type. The Observable types `susbscribe` method is where you define your `onNext`,  `onError` and  `onCompleted`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `stream` method on `HubConnection` returns an Observable of the stream item type. The Observable type's `subscribe` method is where you define your `onNext`,  `onError` and  `onCompleted` handlers.
```
